[Music]
let's breakfast this morning
please okay get you just tell me what's
for breakfast
please I would like to publicly announce
I'm no longer subscribe to and no longer
would like to be associated with this
particular individual as I find the some
of their many dishonorable actions to
have exceeded the threshold of deplore
ability I'm willing to tolerate gonna
end this video by expressing my thoughts
on this matter
in musical terms please you could never
[ __ ] with the doll I linked up we look
at our Barry your bowl and they complete
a little free liquor our Barry you
bowled a [ __ ] please the one who burned
your home when I think a please the one
who burned your whole a [ __ ] please
watch the [ __ ] for like Road look